hey guys welcome back I'll today I'm
gonna be doing a little quick video this
doesn't take too long of putting your
ascend back to bone factory cricket not
metropcs cricket stock and to do that we
are going to need an SD card or you
can't transfer it directly to your phone
it's kind of an extra step my suggestion
get really super super cheap mini SD
card that you could put this on then you
can always pop it in whenever you want
boom right back to stock so what we're
going to need is an SD card SD card
reader which actually got mine plugged
in down there and got an SD card in it
and as always the links in the
description we went ahead and tiny cc'd
it and we got tiny CC / dan cast stock
mr. K stop alright we hit that and
unfortunately it is on file dropper so
you're going to have to come down here
click the download link put in de funky
letters that sometimes you can never
read three sure looks like a taupe you
want and click download now and there
it's downloading you'll see there in the
description right at the beginning it
says m860 this is for the m860 ascend
one this will not work on the ascend to
please do not try it on the sn2 and i
have no idea what it would even do but
it would be bad so we'll just skip that
so this for the ascend one this is a
large file so I'm going to go ahead I'm
going to cut until we're done
downloading this guy here alright and
there we are all downloaded it is rather
big file does take a little while but
now what you're going to want to do
you're going to want to head and open
that
then ovens winzip and then I'm just
going to say extract to I already know
where it's extracting into pay attention
we may not and go down here to my
download directory and it made this
folder right here that's where it
extracted it too and another folder
inside that folder it's kind of a pain
and then right here it actually has
instructions both in PDF and regular
text format but by this point it's
pretty much a done deal here so we're
going to go ahead and we're going to
take the DLO directory and we're going
to transfer that directly to the SD card
this is a blank SD card I got nothing on
here and there we go and that's going to
take a little while like a minute so
i'll go ahead and cut that there we go
now that's the only thing on this card
this is my backup card i can pop this
into my phone reset it back to stock
anytime I want to but now that's on the
card we're going to go ahead unmount the
card and put it into the phone okay here
we are back on the phone as you can see
i still have cm7 on there it's not
loading the widget here because it's on
the car just like none of the icons are
here but yeah i'm on still on cm7 and I
mean as you can see this thing is just
blazing fast on cm7 but I do run into
some bugs that sometimes I don't like
that's why we're going to be installing
Icarus so what we're going to do is we
are going to power off the phone pull
this little button here and then select
power off and it shuts off now we're
going to stick the card in
you'll have to excuse my lack of
handiwork here because i have little
stubby fingers and I bite my fingernails
so I have a hard time getting the card
in and out as you can see the card goes
in a little slot there but with my
stubby fingers I can't push it all the
way in so there we go we got that in now
what we're going to do is we're going to
hold volume which I have no idea how I'm
going to do this with one hand anyway
you're going to hold volume send and its
power button so I'm going to do that and
when it turns back on i will show you
okay I'm sorry I lied to you people it
is not send so you're going to hold
volume up and we'll go ahead and push
that now and the end key and then tap
the power button and you're going to get
a screen like this that says unpacking
and this does take a little while it'll
do unpacking installing some other stuff
but it just goes through here just take
a little while to do and then i will cut
back into that and trillian one sec okay
as you can see it is all done and it
does say restarting sometimes it won't
boot all the way back up the first time
around I've had a boot up before I've
also had people tell me to after you
install it to pull the power and pull
the battery and put the battery back in
but usually I just leave it in it it
don't flash through a couple times and
usually does its thing and I mean you
can see there sir or stock android logo
and I'll cut when it's done booting up
all right there goes it is booting up
got your cricket logo and then it's
going to go back into the android screen
you know it's going to say oh well
you'll tap the Android dude to begin and
you put your google account name and all
that jazz and I will cut when I have it
all back up and run it and there we are
back to bone stock cricket just like you
first got it at the store by the way
this actually runs really really good
when it's fresh cameras not wanting to
focus again when it's a fresh install it
seems like it actually runs really
really good and as all this stuff it
settles in and adjust your card and and
stuff like I overtime but that is how
you set it back to stock in the next
video we're going to be installing
Icarus which is one of my preferred mods
and if you like the video please please
write down there like comment subscribe
let me know if you have any questions
pop them down there in the box you know
I don't have too many to keep up with I
have no problem answering some questions
for you guys and i will see you on the
next video